add Streams 9.2 updates (#3357)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/streams/management/data-quality.md

---
applies_to:
  serverless: preview
  stack: preview 9.1, ga 9.2
---

# Manage data quality [streams-data-retention]

Use the **Data quality** tab to find failed and degraded documents in your stream. Use the following components to monitor the health of your data and identify and fix issues:

> - **Degraded documents:** Documents with the `ignored` property usually because of malformed fields or exceeding the limit of total fields when `ignore_above:false`. This component shows the total number of degraded documents, the percentage, and status (**Good**, **Degraded**, **Poor**).

Reviewer: Not sure if these edits are correct. The first sentence seems a bit oddly constructed.

```suggestion
- **Degraded documents:** Documents with the `ignored` property usually have malformed fields or exceed the limit of total fields when `ignore_above:false`. This component shows the total number of degraded documents, the percentage, and status (`Good`, `Degraded`, `Poor`).
```

- **Failed documents:**: Documents that were rejected during ingestion because of mapping conflicts or pipeline failures.

> - **Quality score:** Streams calculates the overall quality score (Good, Degraded, Poor) based on the percentage of degraded and failed documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Quality score:** Streams calculates the overall quality score (Good, Degraded, Poor) based on the percentage of degraded and failed documents.
```
In the previous sentence, Good, Degraded, Poor are in bold. Do they need to?

- **Trends over time:** A time-series chart so you can track how degraded and failed documents are accumulating over time. Use the date picker to zoom into a specific range and understand when problems are spiking.

> - **Issues:**: {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.2`Find issues with specific fields, how often they've occurred, and when they've occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Issues:** {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.2`Find issues with specific fields, how often they've occurred, and when they've occurred.
```

## Failure store

> A [failure store](../../../../manage-data/data-store/data-streams/failure-store.md) is a secondary set of indices inside a data stream, dedicated to storing failed documents. Instead of losing documents that are rejected during ingestion, a failure store retains it in a `::failures` index, so you can review failed documents to understand what went wrong and how to fix it.

Reviewer: Flagging this in case the `failures` index name shouldn't have colons.

### Required permissions

> To view and modify failure store in {{stack}}, you need the following data stream level privileges:

Reviewer: How would users set these data stream level privs? Are there instructions that you can link to for more info?
